Replaces gcloud commands by terraform resource (#491)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-project-factory: docs/upgrading_to_project_factory_v10.0.md

# Upgrading to Project Factory v10.0

The v10.0 release of Project Factory is a backwards incompatible release for
all modules since the breaking change is on
[core_project_factory](../modules/core_project_factory) module which removes the
need of gcloud and local-execs.

## Migration Instructions

> 1. Remove any references of `skip_gcloud_download and use_tf_google_credentials_env_var` if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove any references to `skip_gcloud_download and use_tf_google_credentials_env_var` if applicable.
```

> # Upgrading to Project Factory v10.0

Reviewer: We also need to note that users will need to remove any references to `skip_gcloud_download` and `use\_tf\_google\_credentials\_env\_var`.

Author: good catch.

The v10.0 release of Project Factory is a backwards incompatible release for
all modules since the breaking change is on
[core_project_factory](../modules/core_project_factory) module which removes the
need of gcloud and local-execs.

## Migration Instructions

> 1. Update variable default_service_account from down case to upper case if

Reviewer: We should not force users to change this. There's no reason we can't handle it easily in the module for them: https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/functions/upper.html

Author: i know the upper function... since it's a breaking change I just thought a cleaner way would be better. i was wrong again :)
